Secure code review is a crucial part of web app development. At TIPL, we are strong believers in security by design. Ensuring that
we prioritize security from the beginning is the best way to handle the situation, since it may be costly and time consuming
to implement it later. The main points that have to be covered in secure code review are the following. 
failures in identification, authentication and access control;
potential exposure of sensitive data;
inadequate error handling; and
all types of injection flaws.

I will now cover all of these in depth

-failures in identification, authentication and access control;

Mishandling of identification and authentication can prove fatal for any web app out there. If an attacker manages to authenticate
as a root user, the damage they can cause could be irreversible. However, with proper access control policies, even if they
do manage to acquire root credentials, the damage could be kept to a minimum. With zero trust policies, each account is limited
to things they need and nothing more. This prevents lateral movement and reduces the attack surface. 
Furthermore, proper implementation of access control can help security personal pinpoint the source of a breach, and react
accoridingly. 

At TIPL, users login with their google accounts. Since we do not handle the authentication process, hackers would be unable to 
acquire the users passwords in the scenario that our systems are breached. Google has robust security implementations that
make their authentication process extremely secure and hard to circunvent. 

Internally, we have a clear separation of duties through role based access control. Within our Google Cloud Platform (which is the true
backbone of TIPL), we meticulously assigned roles based on the different areas we need covered. Each service account has limited access
based only on what they truly need, nothing more. 


-potential exposure of sensitive data;

Exposure of sensitive data is a huge risk that every company has to address no matter what. If a hacker gets their hands on 
sensitive data, it could spell the end for any company. With all the hardcore regulations and policies the government has in place
to ensure companies protect PII, it leaves no choice but to protect it at all costs.

At TIPL, we store as little PII as possible. CHECK WITH CHATGPT. In case of a breach, the attacker would only acquire the user's emails,
which while still being PII, the damage done is kept to a minimum. Furthermore, all of our databases are encrypted with SHA-256,
one of the most robusts encryption algorithms currently available.

-inadequate error handling;

Inadequate error handling by itself does not cause much damage, if any. However, displaying too much information 
regarding an error could provide an attacker with the necessary data to carry out an attack.
By knowing whats causing an error, an attacker can get a better idea of vulnerabilities or angles of attack they can 
use to exploit other system flaws.




