https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/google-cloud-security-foundations-guide.pdf
Why did we choose GCP in terms of security?
It is designed to provide security through the entire information processing lifecycle.
This infrastructure provides secure deployment of services, secure storage of data with end-user privacy safeguards, 
secure communications between services, secure and private communication with customers over the internet, 
and safe operation by administrators.

My roles:
Security leader who needs to understand Google’s key principles for Cloud Security and how they
can be applied and implemented to secure your own organization’s deployment

Security engineer who needs to understand how to configure and operate multiple different
security controls so that they correctly interact with one another

Risk and compliance officer who needs to understand the controls available on Google Cloud to
meet their business requirements and how those controls can be automatically deployed. You
also need to have visibility into controls drift and areas that need additional attention to meet the
regulatory needs of your business.


COMPLIANCE

We adopted three security principles that are the core of Google security
● Executing defense in depth, at scale, by default.
● Adopting the BeyondProd approach to infrastructure and application security.
● De-risking cloud adoption by moving toward a shared fate relationship.

-Defense in depth
there should never be
just one barrier between an attacker and a target of interest. Adding to this core principle, security should
be scalable, and security should be enabled by default.

Data is protected by
default through multiple layered defenses using policy and controls that are configured across
networking, encryption, IAM, detection, logging, and monitoring services.

As an example, the data in a production project by default has three levels of network protections: VPC
segmentation, VPC service perimeters, and firewall rules and policies. Data is further protected by
multiple levels of access protection using IAM, access context levels, and multi-factor validation of user
identities.

-BeyondProd

BeyondProd utilizes the basis of zero trust. The perimeter based security model just isnt enough, since once there is a
breach the attacker would have free access within the system. It decomposes historically large monolithic
applications into microservices, thus increasing segmentation and isolation and limiting the impacted
area, while also creating operational efficiencies and scalability.

● Security is holistic and built in, not bolted on.
● Protection of the network at the edge, while still required, is not the primary and not the only
defense point.
● No inherent mutual trust exists between services.
● Trusted machines run code with known provenance.
Google Cloud security foundations guide, v3 Page 15
● Logical choke points are used for consistent policy enforcement across services—for example, to
ensure authorized data access.
● Change rollout is simple, automated, and standardized.
● Isolation is enforced and monitored between workloads.

-shared fate
https://www.forbes.com/sites/googlecloud/2022/04/19/demystifying-shared-fate-a-new-approach-to-understand-cybersecurity/
Google Cloud Platform shifted from the shared responsibility to shared fate. This is a great approach for us since it 
lessens the workload significantly. In shared responsibility, the customer and the provider are responsible for different
assets.  Shared fate centers around the customer’s needs. Instead of shifting responsibility to customers who may not have the 
expertise to properly manage it, the cloud provider uses its expertise to help the customer be secure in the cloud.
In this case, shared fate approach helps us manage the risks we face by tapping into
secure-by-default configurations, secure blueprints, secure policy hierarchies, consistent availability of advanced security features,
and a high assurance attestation of controls.

